outfit "Plasma Discharger"
	category "Guns"
	mass 25
	"outfit space" -20
	"weapon capacity" -20
	"gun ports" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/plasma discharger"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/plasma discharge"
		sound "blaster"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"submunition" "plasma particle" 5
		"inaccuracy" 8
		"velocity" 10
		"lifetime" 64
		"random lifetime" 12
		"reload" 20
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 15
		"shield damage" 22.5
		"hull damage" 21
		"minable damage" 35
	description "The Incipias started to mine asteroids long before they started space travel due to the rings of their planet. That's why their tool to mine seems to be more advanced than their general technology. Still it is not comparable to the efficiency of human weapons."
	description "The weapon itself shoots bolts of high density plasma that split up into small particles after some time. Because of the plasma infuser the fire rate is exceptional, but the energy usage is horrible.."

outfit "plasma particle"
	weapon
		sprite "effect/plasma particle"
		"hit effect" "blaster impact"
		"lifetime" 60
		"random velocity" 2
		"inaccuracy" 20
		"shield damage" 4
		"hull damage" 5
		"minable damage" 6

outfit "Tractor Beam"
	category "Turrets"
	mass 30
	"outfit space" -30
	"weapon capacity" -30
	"turret mounts" -1
	thumbnail "outfit/tractor beam"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/tractor beam"
			"frame rate" 6
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/tractor beam"
		sound "laser"
		"hit effect" "tractor beam impact"
		"inaccuracy" .5
		"turret turn" 7.5
		"velocity" 600
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 1
		"firing energy" 0.8
		"firing heat" 3.2
		"shield damage" 0.1
		"hull damage" 0.2
		"hit force" -40

effect "tractor beam impact"
	sprite "effect/tractor impact"
		"no repeat"
		"frame rate" 30
	"lifetime" 5
	"random angle" 2
	"velocity scale" -.005


outfit "Gas Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/gas class shield"
	mass 60
	"outfit space" -60
	"shield generation" .1
	"energy generation" 4.2
	"heat generation" 5
	description "The shield technology is one of the most recent technologies of the Incipias. While the shield appears similar to a human shield device it works on a completely different base. In its core hydrogen is burned that provides energy for regeneration. But because scientists saw a more efficient use of this burning technology, the Incipias also made it the main power source of all of their ships."

outfit "Liquid Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid class shield"
	mass 80
	"outfit space" -90
	"shield generation" .25
	"energy generation" 6.1
	"heat generation" 6
	description "This more advanced shield generator burns a liquid instead of a gas. This raises the efficiency by a lot but also requires some extra structures which make this outfit only popular on larger ships."

outfit "Solid Class Shield"
	category "Systems"
	mass 100
	"outfit space" -120
	"shield generation" .45
	"energy generation" 6
	"heat generation" 8
	description "This shield generator is pure efficiency. It burns its input in stages from solid in the center to a gaseous state in the outer hull. Sadly this efficiency requires a lot of adjusting systems to stabilize the process, and therefore only the heaviest warships use this generator."

outfit "Liquid Hydrogen Cell"
	category "Power"
	thumbnail "outfit/liquid hydrogen cell"
	mass 20
	"outfit space" -20
	"energy capacity" 2000
	description "This form of energy storage was discovered early by the Incipias because of the great amount of Hydrogen on their homeworld. Because the Incipias mostly access the energy at the time it is produced only a small storage is needed. That is why most of their ship have only one cell installed."
