conversation "intro"
	scene "scene/lobby"
	"The bank's architecture is what you would have called ''futuristic'' back when you dreamed that the future would be less squalid than the present, story above story of curves and spires and balconies. There is a doorman for each of the heavy glass doors: a pair on the outside, and a pair leading from the vestibule into the lobby. You are wearing your very best clothes, but you feel shabby next to them."
	"	The loan broker's office is equally intimidating. Large computer monitors fill the walls, with stock quotes and other information spilling down them almost too fast to read. You occasionally glimpse the names of places that you have only seen in movies: Aldebaran. Rigel. Earth."
	"	The pen is heavy as lead but glides almost without friction as you print your intials on the bottom of page after page of ominous legal documents and sign several dozen statements, notices, and agreements. The banker, a balding middle-aged man in a suit that you suspect costs more than the spaceship you are about to purchase, flips the pages past you quickly, uttering a curt, ''Sign here. Now here,'' as he points to each page. He moves swiftly, mechanically."
	"	The only moment when he becomes truly animated is when explaining the Truth in Lending statement to you. ''You are borrowing 250,000 credits,'' he says, ''to be repaid over the course of one year. Your daily interest rate is 0.3%, which means that your daily payments are 1128 credits, and by the end of the year you will have paid... 162,000 credits in interest. Sign here.'' He grins."
	"	You sign your name one final time:"
	name
	"	The elevator is so well-tuned that you do not even realize it is moving until it has deposited you back in the lobby. But as you leave the bank, you are smiling. This crazy adventure suddenly feels real to you. You are going to do it. You are finally going to get off this planet."
	"	Compared to the bank, you feel much more at home in the shipyard, walking among the rusted out hulks and newer ships that gleam in the sunlight. You smell grease and dirt and rocket fuel; wonderful smells. There are three ship models within your price range. Which one you choose will determine your future..."

conversation "free worlds intro"
	"Wandering through the spaceport, you have stopped for a moment to read the menu posted in front of a restaurant, when your thoughts are interrupted by the click of a gun being cocked right behind your head, and a woman's voice saying, ''Think fast, Captain.''"
	choice
		"	(Do this karate move I saw in a video one time.)"
			goto "karate"
		"	(Raise my hands slowly into the air in surrender.)"
	
	"	''Good choice,'' she says. ''Now, turn around, slowly, and don't try any funny business. I've got a semiautomatic pistol pointed right at your head.''"
	choice
		"	(Now, try that karate move.)"
			goto "karate"
		"	(Turn around slowly.)"
	
	"	You turn around and find yourself facing a woman in a Freeholder uniform. The chevrons on her collar mark her as some sort of officer. She is grinning at you. ''Beautifully done, Captain,'' she says. ''Such restraint. Such remarkable levelheadedness. Not something I often see around here. If this thing were loaded, quite a few backcountry rubes in the last few months would've had their brains blown open before I could even get around to recruiting them.'' She lowers the gun."
	choice
		"	''You mean this was some sort of test? You're not trying to mug me?''"
			goto "explanation"
		"	(Try that karate move, just for kicks.)"
	
	"	You make a grab for the gun. A second later she's got your arm twisted behind your back, using just enough force to make it clear that things could get really painful if you continue to struggle. ''Smart, and playful too,'' she says, ''I like that. But, it'll be a cold day in hell before a kid like you gets the drop on me. Now, shall we talk?'' She lets go of you, and you shake out your arm gingerly."
	
	label "explanation"
	"	''I need a civilian for some courier work,'' she says, ''Nothing illegal, at least nothing the Republic can pin on you. It just needs to be done by a ship that isn't flying our colors, and by a captain who isn't going to scream, 'Death to all tyrants!' and go in with guns blazing the first time his cargo gets scanned. What do you say?''"
	choice
		"	''I'm not sure I'm ready to pick sides in this war, yet.''"
		"	''Okay, tell me more.''"
			goto "more"
	
	"	''Look kid,'' she says, ''When I ask you to pick sides, when I offer you a mission that's gonna burn some bridges for you, I won't be sneaky about it. I'll tell you exactly what you're signing up for. What I'm offering you now is just a chance to get to know us, and let us get to know you, with no expectations. Heck, you can even run missions for the Reps at the same time. But if you turn me down, this'll be the last time we recruit you.''"
	choice
		"	''That sounds fair. I'll hear you out.''"
		"	''Fair enough, but I don't like working with people who start conversations by pointing guns at my head. Even unloaded guns.''"
			decline
	
	label "more"
	"	''Okay, here's the deal. We need some cargo carried from <planet> to <planet>. It's just medical supplies - no bombs, no contraband. But we'll load it onto your ship in the dead of night, trying our best to avoid any notice. But the Reps have the sharpest eyes in the galaxy, so you'll get noticed anyways. And since anything done in the dead of night is likely to arouse their suspicions, you'll get boarded and searched. Meanwhile, the real cargo will have been loaded onto one of our ships in broad daylight, and will pass through Republic space entirely unnoticed.''"
	choice
		"	''I like the way you think. Count me in.''"
			goto "details"
		"	''Sorry, it sounds a bit too shady for my liking. Please don't offer me any work in the future.''"
	
	"	''Shucks,'' she says, ''I liked you. I was looking forward to having you on my team.'' She looks genuinely crestfallen. ''But fair is fair. You're free to go, and I'll tell my colleagues that you're not interested in working for us.''"
		decline
	
	label "details"
	"	''Great,'' she says, grinning even more broadly. ''My name's Katya, by the way. Glad we'll be working together. Just be sure you've got 15 tons of cargo space free when you land.'' She starts to walk away, then seems to remember something. ''One last thing - some friends of mine on <planet>, tourists, need a lift off that rock, and I owe them a favor. Would you mind saving two bunks for them?''"
	choice
		"	''Sure, no problem.''"
	
	"	''Excellent. I'm looking forward to doing business with you, Captain.''"
		accept
	
	label "karate"
	"	You dodge sideways and spin quickly. As you do so you hear a loud click, but the gun does not fire. With one hand you knock aside the gun. With the other you land a karate chop which, if you had studied karate, would've shattered her collarbone and left her reeling in pain. But since you have not studied karate, instead your blow bounces harmlessly off her surprisingly muscular shoulder."
	"	Your assailant turns out to be wearing a Freeholder uniform and a disappointed expression. ''Well aren't you a dumb reckless bastard!'' she says, ''I'd hoped for something better from you. First of all, if this gun were loaded, your brains would be splattered all over the sidewalk. And second, you fight like a girl. I have no use for hotheads like you.'' She stalks off, leaving you very confused. It would appear that you've just failed some sort of test."
	choice
		"	(Let her go.)"
			decline
		"	''Oh yeah? Well you ARE a girl!''"
	
	"	She turns back around, with a fearsome gleam in her eyes, and walks up to you until your faces are only inches apart. ''Yeah, but I don’t fight like one,'' she says. ''I... fight like a she-badger.''"
	choice
		"	''A she... badger?''"
	
	"	''Fearsome creatures.'' She walks away, leaving you even more confused."
		decline
