
mission "First Contact: Gegno"
	landing
	source "Giaru Gegno"
	to offer
		has "First Contact: Quarg: offered"
	on offer
		log "Factions" "Gegno" `The Gegno are a humanoid species to the galactic east of the core, split amongst themselves into branches. One branch is the Gegno Vi, who are spoken of to be strong and forceful brutes. The other is the Gegno Scin, mentioned to be progressers of research and technology. Apart from them is a complacent civilian population.`
		conversation
			"After jumping through several systems of hostile alien ships, a Quarg ring world is a sight of relief to you. From the looks of it, this is a fully complete ringworld, a true sight to behold. Trillions of Quarg probably inhabit this ring, but what's more interesting to your eye is that some of the aliens also are present. They are also humanoid, and the most common figures you come across are either slightly above or below an average human's height. Their skin is a smooth, light gray, and adorned with different sorts of leather that remind you of medieval-style human clothing."
			`	The Quarg here move in a more eerily-quiet manner than what you're used to, almost dismissive to the other species walking about, who are equally as dismissive of you. The unusual atmosphere around you is finally broken when a few Quarg start to advance towards you, moving much quicker than the rest. After a moment of unidentifiable discussion and gestures between themselves, one of them motions you to follow them.`
			`	You walk with the Quarg, occasionally having trouble keeping pace with their silent yet brisk steps, as you head towards an area that appears devoid of the other aliens. Eventually, you are led to a smaller room with two more Quarg in waiting, silently sat down at the end of it. They talk, but this time you can hear a few familiar sounding terms, one being "Humani". Despite speaking to each other for several minutes, the Quarg still look at each other in what you assume is something like bewilderment.`
			`	One of the Quarg waiting in the room finally turns towards you and motions you to remain where you are for a little longer, offering you a seat. Their look of confusion disappears when they turn their gaze back upon you. Meanwhile, the other Quarg that was seated has left the room, along with the ones that first brought you here.`
			choice
				`	"Who are these aliens I've been seeing?"`
				`	"Is it a problem that I'm here?"`
				`	(Do not say anything.)`
			`	The Quarg continues to look at you and bows its head slightly in an apologetic manner, as it seems neither they, nor any other Quarg on this ringworld, can speak your language. You continue to patiently wait in the uneasy silence, withholding your curiosities as almost half an hour goes by.`
			`	Finally, the silence is broken when the second Quarg from earlier enters the room again. This time, they glare at you much more energetically, and you begin to wonder if they are going to escort you off of the ring for being somewhere you shouldn't be.`
			`	You preemptively begin to stand up, but your action is caught short when you see the second Quarg raise its arms outward in a gesture you never thought you'd see from a Quarg. "Powerful day, young traverser, this must be for you. A very substantial first this is for both of us, I strongly imagine." It is now obvious that this Quarg is not the same one from earlier, and you begin to see a few differences in their attire and figure.`
			choice
				`	"Where am I?"`
			`	"You, brave rover, have found yourself in the dwelling of the mighty Gegno, who have rooted their hardy empire here in the great galactic east." You wonder if the Quarg's use of boastful adjectives is because of gaps in his translations, or if they are intentionally speaking of the Gegno in that way. Either way, they leave an odd impression on you, coming from the lower tones of Quarg speech, rather than something more excitable.`
			choice
				`	"The Gegno?"`
					goto gegno
				`	"Are the ships I’ve seen these Gegno?"`
					goto ships
			label gegno
			`	"Yes, the imperious Gegno. A juvenile race, they are, many decades younger than that of you humans. They do not find themselves in the struggle of leadership the same way as others do. Rather, they glorify their pursuit of guidance between one another to share a noble future."`
			choice 
				`	"What is this guidance they pursue?"`
					goto guidance
			label ships
			`	"Indeed, the vessels of such stature represent the robust Gegno. Not in sorrow, but greatness do they pursue their future, bearing the fruit of sacrifice as a trophy to their name." The Quarg now shifts facial expressions in such a way to suggest a small hint of frustration."`
			choice
				`	"Why do they pursue in the name of sacrifice?"`
					goto sacrifice
			label guidance
			`	The Quarg now shifts facial expressions in such a way to suggest a small hint of frustration. "The Gegno believe it to be necessary to sacrifice whatever must be, in order to imagine a future for themselves. Thus, they have separated into two different branches. One brandishes themselves as the honorable Vi- mightiest of warriors, toughest of kin. They are brutes that see to proof of strength being the one and only variable in determining their path. That of the Scin, the more technologically able, believe that only through progression of sciences and discovery, will the Gegno prosper."`
				goto next
			label sacrifice
			`	"The Gegno believe it to be necessary to sacrifice whatever must be, in order to imagine a future for themselves. Thus, they have separated into two different branches. One brandishes themselves as the honorable Vi- mightiest of warriors, toughest of kin. They are brutes that see to proof of strength being the one and only variable in determining their path. That of the Scin, the more technologically able, believe that only through progression of sciences and discovery, will the Gegno prosper."`

			label next
			choice
				`"The Vi are right, the strength to survive is more important than anything else." `
					goto vi
				`"The Scin are right, technological advancement opens up so many possibilities."`
					goto scin
				`"Why do they not combine their efforts to better their future together?"`
					goto together
			label vi
			`	"While it is characteristic, such a tremendous proposition is rather dull for a growing species. Be that as it may, you humans follow to a much lesser degree than that of the Vi."`
				goto end
			label scin
			`	The Quarg now shifts facial expressions in such a way to suggest a small hint of disappointment. "The pursuit of technology leaves behind many values important to a species' growth."`
				goto end
			label together
			`	"Regrettably, the Gegno chiefly do not have a drive to pursue their future, diluting themeselves far into their present. Segregation of followings was one of few ways to seek motivation beyond the fact."`
			label end
			choice
				`	"It seems like you do not like the paths they've chosen."`
			`	With its physique raising above you, the Quarg now stands up, darting its gaze off to the side. The verve it exhibited earlier is now long gone. "It is not in our grasp to persuade the Gegno, as once we did attempt to. They would ensure conflict with us should we interfere, and we have no desire to witness an uprisal of such a sort once more." It pauses, then gestures you to stand up as well. "Similarly, the Gegno do not wish to interact with audacious outsiders. Unfortunately, only a brief history of them we can tell. We cannot advocate pleasantries between you and them, though you are welcome at this ring should you find yourself here again."`
			`	The Quarg motions a bow to you, and the first one from earlier escorts you out of the room. It seems associating with these so-called "Gegno" is very unlikely for you, and you will have to deal with their hostility for the foreseeable future."`
				decline
	on decline
		log `Learned from the Quarg that the Gegno are not interested in interaction with outsider species.`

#missions set up for future content

mission "Stationed Vi Augen"
	invisible
	landing
	npc save
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system Kiluit
		ship Augen "Vytii Yrrlausei"
	to fail
		has "Intermediate: done"

mission "Augen Destruction"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "Stationed Augen: failed"
		not "Intermediate: done"
	on offer
		set "dead augen"
		fail

mission Intermediary
	on complete
		event "Vesvii War"

mission "Active Augen"
	to offer
		has "Intermediary: done"
		has "Stationed Augen: failed"
		not "dead augen"
	npc save
		government "Gegno Vi"
		personality heroic vindictive staying
		system Vesvii
		ship Augen "Vytii Yrrlausei"

event "Vesvii War"
